What did you say haha
You may not know the situation in Miss Zhong's hospital
This time, Dr. Gao and I
The attending physician
Even if we both make mistakes
The hospital will also compensate
But they
At that time, the hospital will not take any responsibility
Yes, hahaha.
I wanted your father to live a few more days
So now the two of them are in.
Responsibility doesn't care about us
Don't come to me behind you
Dean, I think you should prepare in advance
What if this matter gets out today?
At that time, the reputation of the hospital will not be guaranteed
Hey
I will report to the above.
What's wrong when something happens?
Dr. Luo is the main responsible person
Sister, I believe you can do it yourself.
Dr. Lu, someone else is trying to bleed
What can we do about this?
Don't be in a hurry to point out the evil of others first
I will relieve the lesion
The weight around Dr. Lu's patient is disappearing
Xiaofeng, why are you here?
I'll get things done
Oops, it's been in for an hour.
Why hasn't it come out yet?
Hahaha, you won't be afraid anymore.
Hide inside and dare not come out, hahahaha
I thought so.
What big guy did you meet here?
So that's it.
Hey, I believe Sister Luo Yun can do it.
Yes, why wouldn't he come out if he could?
Staying in there for so long
This family member
If he can really cure your father today
Then I'll kneel down and kowtow to him as his teacher
So you can do it now.